The COVID-19 has stalled the whole world with over two million people infected with the pandemic. 
Most of the countries have ordered lockdown to reduce the infection rate among the population. 
There are over five hundred thousand deaths recorded until this week. It is quite an alarming situation
throughout the globe and every nation is reeling through the impact. However, we have got a smart
gadget to help the users for early detection of the infection. The users can get TempWatch smartwatch
to measure real-time body temperature.

TempWatch is a smart wristwatch that is designed in such a way that it measures your body temperature and 
warns you with the symptoms of fever or any other problem in advance. This gives you time to take preventive
actions beforehand. It is a smartwatch that is really advanced in technology and comes in a great look. It 
gives a classy appearance to your wrist. The watch comes in sober and different colors. The watch is a 
touchscreen and its interface is very user-friendly. It operates really smoothly and quickly.

Benefits of a smartwatch to measure body temperature :

1. TempWatch Smartwatch free you from carrying thermometer all the time. 
   The smartwatch can calculate temperature anytime without sitting or 
   standing in an appropriate posture.

2. The smartwatch monitors your general health using different sensors 
   including temperature sensors, gravity and pedometer sensor.

3. It is quite easy to use! The users can measure temperature automatically 
   after an hour or you can manually start measuring with few taps in 10 seconds. 
   The smartwatch gets more accurate results if you wear it for more than 60 minutes.

4. The user can manually set the temperature limit for better precision.
   We highly recommend contacting your doctor if you find any abnormality 
   in your temperature.

It is quite a useful and feature-rich smartwatch with in built real-time temperature measurement sensor 
to prevent COVID-19 pandemic. However, it is not recommended to be used on a clinical basis as it is 
not a medical tool.
